Initial commit (#3)
fortinet-fortisoar/connector-kiuwan: kiuwan/release_notes.md

> #### What's Added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### What's Adde
```

> #### What's Added
> 
> - Added 'Corporate Domain ID' as a configuration parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### What's Fixed

- Fixed a bug where check health was failing with correct configuration. Added 'Corporate Domain ID' as config param to fix the issue.
```
